[Elixir] Propose a simple chessboard `ranges` exercise (#2903)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/chessboard/.docs/introduction.md

## ranges

Ranges represent a sequence of one or many consecutive integers. They are created by connecting two integers with `..`.

```elixir
1..5
```

> Ranges can be ascending or descending. They are always inclusive of the last value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ranges can be ascending or descending. They are always inclusive of the first and last values.
```

Reviewer: (I'm guessing this is true? But worth being explicit either way)

Author: Yes!
